guys this is my first make me up my
video and I am so excited for this
series so I'm going to kick things off
with a really quick and easy hair
tutorial now I've been wearing my hair
and soft curls recently lots of you have
asked how I do it so I'm going to show
you exactly how in this video I start
things off by using my label and protein
spray oh my goodness this is a miracle
in a can if you want to know more about
this I didn't do it in my April
favorites so you can head on over to
that video and I talk a lot more about
it but basically it makes my hair
thicker my hair has grown so fast it's
like food for your hair and it also
doubles up as the heat protection spray
you can use it on wet hair or you can
use it on dry hair so I'm just brushing
my hair through and then I'm going to
use a comb to section my hair off now as
you know I've gone from a side parting
to a middle parting and it's still
taking me a while to get used to this
and find exactly where my hair sit so
this bit always takes me a little while
and then I'm going to section my hair
off now if you have thin air or finer
hair you might not want to do this you
might just want to do it all at the same
time and not section off but my hair is
a little bit thicker so if I have more
time I do Section it next I'm going to
get a glove now you usually get this
with most curling wands because if you
touch that wand
oh my goodness you aren't going to know
about it and burned your hand so make
sure you put it on now this is the
curling wands that I am going to use
it's actually a brand called josei ever
I think that's how you pronounce that I
will link it below this is an amazing
wand it's probably actually the first
proper one I've used all the time for my
hair and I find it really really easy to
use now I've got a section of hair 1 to
2 inches I do this so roughly because
this look isn't meant to be like perfect
it's meant to be kind of Beach messy
kind of loose waves and you can see that
I'm twisting my hair away from my face
the glove is on the same side so the
same hand of the side of hair that I'm
doing if that makes sense so you can see
the hand that obviously wraps around the
wand that's the hand that you want to
have a glove on I'm gonna hold it for
about 15 to 20 seconds and then you can
see that I slowly get the curl hold it
in my hand and then I'm gonna use my
favorite hairspray my Loreal Elnett now
this is just normal strength as I don't
want a massive like strong hold
hairspray goes the whole point of this
is soft curls if I'm going to use it
extra hold there
it's going to look kind of really tight
curls and I don't want it to look that
so again grab a little bit of hair make
sure you brush it through because this
means that the hair is gonna go really
neatly around that wand twist it round
hold it again for 15 to 20 seconds I'm
going to speed things up now it's gonna
take a long time to get through these
curls otherwise so you can see bits of
hair kind of come loose but for me again
this is the whole point of messy curls
this is why it's so easy to do 15 to 20
seconds for each kind of bit of hair and
then you're going to wrap it around so
you're notice now I've changed my glove
on to my other hand and I've also
changed the way that I'm turning the
hair so again make sure you're wrapping
that hair away from your head keep it
going the same direction keep brushing
through every bit loosely get one to two
inches and then just spray it with
hairspray it's literally that easy then
you want to take the next layer down so
we're going to get the top layer and
it's pretty easy to segment this because
you will see the curls underneath the
hairs like really easy to pick from on
top so again you're going to get one to
two inches I have actually taken my
glove off now to do this top section I
take extra care the reason being is that
I find that I get a better grip with my
fingers I know a couple of other people
that do this as well I don't know why I
find it easier I really think it's just
the grip so I go really really carefully
on the top to make sure that I don't
burn my hand so again I'm just wrapping
it around and I'm using it for 15 to 20
seconds again use that hairspray don't
worry if you miss bits just make sure
that you're kind of spraying it brushing
him you guys will also notice my hair is
a little bit darker as well I mentioned
it in the last monthly favourites video
that I did I've changed my hair color up
a little bit it was obviously really
blond before now I've put a little bit
of brown in it and I can't decide
whether I like it do you always like it
should I keep it I wanted to look a
little bit more natural and I don't know
if it does or not and I don't know what
you guys think so that's why my hair
looks a little bit different so I'm on
the final leg now of this stretch of
kind of doing my hair and it really
really doesn't take that long probably
about five minutes to do the whole thing
and then boom my makeups been done while
I've been doing that I've just let my
hair cool
down and then I'm going to brush it
through so let it cool down for about
5-10 minutes where you do your makeup or
you go pick your outfit this is really
gonna let the curls kind of set and then
just use that hair brush to really brush
through don't be worried about kind of
going at it because the whole point of
this is it's meant to be like really
soft curls so if you don't brush it then
those curls are gonna stay a little bit
tight so if you want them tighter then
just leave it how we had it at the start
so I'm just brushing it through I spend
ages at this point faffing I always like
this a little bit on the side of my face
to be kind of separated and then I
really get my fingers and go through it
to separate those curls and make it look
really natural and full of volume next
I'm going to use this Moroccan oil
finishing shine spray I discovered this
recently and it's amazing I only put a
tiny bit on but it sends your hair
really shiny and I just work that
through and as you can see it kind of
gets rid of any flyaways as well now
onto the outside to show you my outfit
of the day I'm loving this blossom and
oh my goodness we've had ducklings I
could not resist putting these in the
video how cute are they they're so cute
okay back to the outfit so today I'm
wearing my hmm dress that I bought when
I was in America that I promised I would
show you guys an outfit by H&M bag my
H&M necklace and you can see the natural
kind of makeup I've used and my hair
just looks really kind of really easy
really natural the kind of thing I would
wear if I was going out in the day I
love the prints on this H&M dress I just
fell in love with it the little flowers
the white kind of Tassili bits at the
bottom and this necklace I thought just
went really well because Pink's my
favorite color and this bag was
literally about $15 I think so I've been
wearing that almost every day these are
my shoes I bought when I was in America
they kind of look like the rag-and-bone
ones but they're not and then my nail
polish today which I'm loving is my
Barry M jelly shine this is in prickly
pear so tweet me out talk back he talked
with the hashtag make me up may if you
try this at home guys I would love to
see your hairstyles too bye oh my
goodness okay this is Donald Duck
if you don't know who this feller is
from Disney offs and I got these from
Primark of all places there are like
five pounds or four pounds